Alright so this is a random informal list of ideas. 

For this challenge I have 3 minutes max to explain a difficult 
concept to understand in math, physics, or SARS-COV-2. I plan 
to work with math, specifically Calculus 2, but I am worried 
that it may not be at a high enough level to earn the highest 
marks.

So I want to work with the volume of rotational solids.

This will likely need both 3D and 2D animations within Manim, 
irl camera work, Blender motion tracking, blender animation, 
LaTeX work for text gen, sound work in Audacity(?), video 
compositing and grading through blender.

The script will need to be 300-600 words, though it may have to
be less to fit the time constraints and still talk at an 
intelligible speed.

Start it off with an irl camera shot where I have a curved 
pitcher (think Kool-Aid Man) full of an easily visible colored 
liquid. Something like:
    "I'm sure we all know that filling a hollow form with a 
    liquid, pouring it out, then measuring the volume if the 
    liquid, is a simple way to find volume, but what if this 
    pitcher was curved in a different way?"

This is where the camera would then move until it is looking 
directly downwards over a sheet of paper which will have tracking
dots on it. This will be motion tracked and replaced with a CGI 
piece of paper which will have a pencil drawing out a set of 
axes. The pencil will go off screen and this will crossfade to a 
duplicate of the drawing done in Manim. Hopefully this will be 
an invisible change.

Manim must be rendered with a transparent or a white background 
for this.

Background music will likely be very necessary. Think 
Contrapoints when it comes to the quick intro and camera move. 
This likely will be the only work with the camera throughout the 
entire thing, so make sure the script is very-much done and 
reviewed before trying to organize that.

If the camera is a high enough res, then we don't need to worry 
about having the shots exactly perfect, since we can zoom, rotate, 
and otherwise manipulate the footage later and still keep a great 
resolution.